well so we continuing to follow
developments out of Tel Aviv thousands
of people have taken to the streets
there they are there in
protest yeah so they've been demanding
that the government accepts the
ceasefire proposal announced by US
President Joe Biden now this deal
includes a six weeks ceas fire the
withdrawal of Israeli forces from Gaza
and the return of all the captives
in a press conference relatives warned
that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu might try to stop this
agreement from going ahead now they have
called on Netanyahu to come out and
publicly support
it the extremists in the Netanyahu
government are opposing this deal they
have allowed the minority extremists to
attack President Biden they want the war
to go on for an indefinite period of
time these people would sacrifice even
the captives Eisen Court Gallant this is
your last chance to make sure that
Netanyahu doesn't destroy this deal I
hear your voices tell the citizens that
you support this deal and that includes
putting an end to this
war well Israel has banned Al jazer from
reporting from inside the country so
instead we are in the Jordanian Capital
Aman Sara kyat reports from there this
time they don't just mention prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu they're
mentioning those are in the war cab
cabinet as well as Gaddy Eisen Cott he's
one of The Observers of the war cabinet
saying that you need to take this deal
they say it provides hope for them uh
because there is still
125 captives that are still held in the
Gaza Strip and they know full well that
the longer it's left the more those are
likely to be killed those ones that are
still there they even mentioned that in
their statement but interestingly we've
just heard now a statement from uh Benny
Gant who's actually fleshed it out a
little bit more certainly more than the
statement we heard earlier from uh the
prime minister's office and in this uh
statement he's saying we're committed to
advancing uh the hostage release
proposal and he's also called for an
immediate War cabinet meeting to convene
as soon as possible with the negotiating
team that's been trying uh to bring back
a deal it's interesting also because the
head of the negotiating team just a few
days ago was actually CR criticizing the
Prime Minister and there seemed to be a
bit of a debate between both where the
Prime Minister said that there had been
some lies that had been shared with the
media and that's actually not what had
happened the head of that negotiating
team implying that uh the Prime Minister
himself was trying to stop uh that deal
from going through and that's certainly
a sentiment that a lot of the families
believe and that's also because he is
under a lot of pressure from those far
right ministers itamar benir bezel
smotrich they're the ones that want to
see Israel resettle in Gaza they want to
go back to the Year 2005 when Israel was
already occupying uh the Gaza Strip and
they're certainly the ones that have
implied that Palestinians should leave
voluntarily so it's those inflammatory
remarks that have almost landed of
course as the number of deaths that
we're seeing Gaza landed Israel in the
icj with a order against them and
certainly that's something that Joe
Biden referred to as well saying that
this complete Victory this notion of a
complete Victory is only going to
isolate Israel further the people that
you're seeing now in that Square live
they know that and that's why they are
calling on me more people to join them
and they want the protest to be outside
the homes of those uh uh ministers that
are in the war cabinet but also the
other ministers that are in this
coalition
government and just a reminder again
that the Israeli government has banned
Al jazer from reporting inside the
country we are instead based in Amanda
we continue to follow all of the
developments including these protests
that are taking place right now in Tel
Aviv as people try to put pressure on
the government of Netanyahu and of
course the Prime Minister himself uh not
just uh those who are on the extreme
right of his cabinet but also the Prime
Minister himself to accept this proposal
by the US
[Music]
president M Le's brother or was taken
captive on October 7th or's wife was
killed that day speaking to Al jazer a
bit earlier Michael said that he is
hoping for his brother to come back
home today feels a bit different we we
as families feel a bit more hopeful and
we crossing our fingers it will be real
this time you as far as I know it was an
Israeli proposal and I believe uh that
they will go for it if Ras will agree to
it and well I know that they how much
they they wanted I think that
they they understand as much as all of
us that there's nothing more important
than getting back the hostages so I
believe that they are doing what they
can to bring them back we choose to
believe that uh what was presented
presented is the real uh offer and that
is what is going to happen if uh Hamas
won't play games and agree to
it well it's not just the general public
that you see here out in protest Israeli
opposition figures have also come out
they are urging Netanyahu to accept the
ceasefire plan one which US President
Joe Biden initially described as an
Israeli proposal Laura Khan has this
report now